A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
[on computer] Just go to any toy store
and say the special phrase,
"We're tying you up, no getting away!"
And you'll receive a special DVD
while supplies last.
This is starting tomorrow.
Limited supply.
Please go get one for me!
I can't go 'cause I'll be at work.
Really? You're asking--
We're tying you up! No getting away!
What? Damn.
"We're tying you up! No getting away!"
Say it!
We're tying you up! No getting away!
-[Miku] Again!
-We're getting… Oh, wait. Uh…
We're tying you up. No getting away.
Got a killer price today.
Cabbages, 100 yen.
We're tying you up.
-No getting away, cabbage.
-[vendor] 100 yen each!
We're tying you up. No getting away.
No getting--
-I'll take one cabbage, sir!
-Done deal!
We're tying you up.
-Oh, hey, Tatsu.
-Oh.
I wanted to ask you…
No getting away.
-Come here, you punk!
-Sucker!
Gimme back my money!
[cop 1] So, what's in the bag?
-Um, I'm on my way to tie up--
-[cop 2] Wait, you're tying someone up?
-Excuse me.
-[whimpers]
[nervously] Uh, uh…
Can I help you find something, sir?
[Tatsu] Ah, crap. What was it again?
Gonna wrap you up now.
There's no escape.
What? Um, I… [yelps]
[Tatsu] No, that ain't right.
I'll string you up nice and high.
Can't run away,
'cause no matter where you go,
we'll find you.
[whimpers]
[man panting]
We're tying you up! No getting away!
Ugh! That's it!
-We're tying you up! No getting away!
-[screams]
-[bag crinkles]
-[sighs]
Um, that was a close one.
-Thanks for the backup.
-No need to thank me.
If you're interested,
I heard somewhere
there's a phrase for a duo.
And you'd get a rare Policure card
for teaming up.
[gasps] A rare card, you say?
[Miku] Tacchan, this is amazing!
That's a worthwhile mission.
Well, then, partner,
we doing this, or what?
[man] Damn right.
In the name of Policure.
[bold music playing]
-Target in sight.
-Got it!
[shudders and whimpers]
Flying high in the sky,
it's Justice Heart!
[echoing] Sky Police!
Roaring waves, it's Justice Star!
Cobalt Police!
[both] Time for Crimecatch Policure!
Those guys are weird.
Uh, I'm so sorry, but those items
sold out earlier this morning.
[groans]
Hey! Stay with me, kid!
Hey! Hey!
[Policure theme song plays]
[Tatsu] The Way of The Househusband!
EPISODE 56
A buddy of mine asked if I could look
after him for little while. Kotetsu--
-Hmm.
-[Tatsu] Show Miku how cute you are, bud.
[panting]
[Miku and Tatsu] Cute!
-Kotetsu!
-Come here.
-[laughs]
-Yeah, good boy. What a cutie!
[panting]
[grunts softly]
[mysterious music plays]
Mm.
-[leash straining]
-Mm?
-[whines]
-What's up, Kotetsu?
No, there's too much traffic
down that way.
Hmm? Standing your ground like a boss!
Damn it! Why you gotta be so cute?
[breathes heavily]
[phone chimes]
SO DAMN CUTE
[boss] What?
What the hell's he playing at?
I need to know which crew
this dog's running with!
Boss, you okay?
Get me more pictures, now!
[Tatsu] Boss replied already.
[both grunt in surprise]
Kunimi.
Immortal Dragon.
[dogs sniffing and panting]
[grunts]
[grumbles]
[both] This is awkward.
-[whines happily]
-That's a hefty dog you got there.
-[whines]
-[Kunimi] Yeah?
Well, your dog looks
like a toasted marshmallow.
[both] Is it cool with you
if I pet your dog?
This dog gets your attention!
She looks scary, but she's not.
She's so nice and warm!
She's perfect to hug!
Look how squishable
these fluffy cheeks are!
This little baby face looks so dopey!
[both] Aww!
Hey, get the car!
[grunts]
[brakes squeal softly]
Get in!
[Tatsu] Hey, Kunimi.
Where you taking me, exactly?
Don't worry. It's gonna be fun.
[all laughing]
PANT PANT PANT
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
A new menu?
We want to appeal more
to women and young people.
I was hoping maybe
you'd have some good ideas.
Yeah, I might.
There's a spot I have in mind.
Other side of town
but they got a real racket going.
[groans] This is hurting my eyes.
Are you ready to order?
Yeah, I'll take the Honey Bunny
Rainbow pancakes, please.
[owner] That's the Tatsu I know.
Just jumps in, no fear.
And you can give me
one of those Fruity Little Beauty sorbets.
[Tatsu] Ah, so that's how you roll.
Anything else?
Uh, and a Funky Chunky
Peach Juice Surprise.
What? Where'd you find that one?
Other side of the menu.
-Right there, drinks section.
-Really?
Ah, yes, sir.
If you wanna do a combo,
it includes a drink.
[both] We'll take the combo.
[waitress] All right, so I have
the Honey Bunny Rainbow pancakes,
with the Funky Chunky
Peach Juice Surprise as a combo.
And the Fruity Little Beauty sorbet
with a Creamy Dreamy milk tea as a combo.
Uh, and two sharing plates, thanks.
[Tatsu groans]
-[door opens]
-[waitress] Thank you, have a nice day!
[owner] That's enough sweet things
for awhile.
-The-- This is--
-[Tatsu] Yep.
For the new menu, lemon and honey
marinated chicken sandwich.
[owner] A chicken sandwich?
It's simple and unfussy, like this joint.
But the lemon and honey are gonna
bring some freshness to the table.
Ah.
[crunches]
[gentle nostalgic music plays]
[sighs happily]
[owner] Winter, third year of high school,
a country town.
You're going off to college faraway.
You said we should break up,
but you were crying.
-[buzzes]
-That's a big wasp on your shoulder.
-[coughs]
-Are you all right?
Here, drink this.
Another new menu item for you.
A hot and creamy chai.
-Just don't burn your tongue on it.
-[owner] Mm. Yeah.
I'm in my twenties.
In India, on a trip to find myself.
The Ganges River,
brimming with energy
and the vigor of life.
Stimulating yet mystical,
broadening my perception of life.
-[sizzles]
-[winces]
I burned myself.
I'm an old man now,
and I've burned the inside of my mouth.
That's definitely going to sting tomorrow.
-Um, sir?
-Thank you, Tatsu.
They're nice additions.
Just going out for a little smoke break.
-[door opens and closes]
-Uh…
Maybe the flavors weren't balanced right.
-[crunches]
-[dramatic music plays]
[Tatsu] Gun smoke in the air,
bullet holes.
My vision stained red with blood.
Miku…
-[buzzes]
-That's a big wasp on your shoulder.
Hmm? Don't remember there being a wasp.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
Ow!
-[Masa] Ah, my tooth is killing me.
-Hmm?
Hey, Masa. Don't tell me. Tooth decay?
[Masa] Ah shit, boss'll definitely
make me go to the dentist.
I can't go down like that.
Nah, of course not.
Where did you even get that idea?
Well, for starters,
you held your cheek and said, "Ow."
Oh. I got into a scrap yesterday.
Took on, I don't know, like 50 guys.
Fifty people? You?
[Masa] I mean, might've been more.
Who knows?
Masa, if you don't nip that in the bud,
it'll come back to bite you.
Huh?
If you're hiding a cavity,
you're in for a world of pain.
I-- Nah, I'm fine.
I swear, I brush 'em every day.
[Tatsu] You think once a day
is enough to win the fight?!
You gotta brush after every meal!
Three times a day!
Brush for two solid minutes every time!
Then finish off with floss!
Job too hard? Use a power tool!
Gotta show your entire mouth who's boss!
Half-ass it and you'll get gum disease.
And then it's bye-bye
to those pearly whites.
Do you wanna be the guy
who's gotta wear dentures
because he didn't floss?
We're getting you to a dentist
before it's too late.
[Masa] Boss, I've never told you this.
But I can't go to the dentist.
And you know,
my reasons go back to the old days.
I was just a kid.
My mum was usually so strict,
but one day she said, "Come with me,
Masa, I'll get you some candy."
I was stoked 'cause I never got sweets.
Then, she led me straight to the dentist.
I freaked out, just straight-up lost it.
I kept thinking,
"How could she play me like this?"
It was a brutal betrayal,
by my own mother.
[Tatsu] Uh, that's it?
-[screams] No!
-Let go of that!
Go to the dentist!
[grunts]
Get your shit together and act like a man!
[Masa] You win.
I'll go, all right?
-[Tatsu grunts]
Please, you gotta help him.
He doesn't have much time!
[receptionist gasps] What?
What happened to him?
Tooth decay.
Oh! I just need your health insurance
and patient registration cards.
[Tatsu sighs]
-Next patient, please.
-[Tatsu grunts]
-Masa…
-It's okay.
[blues music plays]
I gotta face the music.
[woman] You okay? Your head's bleeding.
[Tatsu] Masa, you're not alone.
[winces]
Feels like I'll be right behind you.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[man on TV] Look closely. Can you see it?
EPISODE 59
Peering out from between the woman's legs
is a man's face.
[exclaims] I see it. That's freaky.
[chuckles dryly]
-These creepy shows don't bother me.
-You sure about that?
[ticking]
[breathing deeply]
[Tatsu groans] Can't sleep.
That kinda looks like a face.
Wait, was that door open before?
Okay, counting stuff's supposed
to make you sleepy, right?
One yakuza, two yakuza, three yakuza,
five yakuza, one cop,
zero yakuza.
There's eight members in this gang.
Then ten members in this other gang.
I'm guessing one survivor.
This ain't working.
Oh, yeah. Calming nature sounds
are supposed to knock you out, right?
There's one.
"Sounds of the Forest."
Leaves rustling in the breeze,
birds chirping,
yakuza digging a hole.
Nope, not helping. Next.
How about "Sounds of the Sea"?
Oh!
Nope, nope, nope.
God damn it, can't sleep!
[Miku breathes deeply]
[Tatsu] At least one of us is out cold.
[sheets rustle]
Got no choice.
Time to raid the stash.
Glass of warm milk.
Ain't much in this world
better for sleeping.
Warm comfort for the body
and a hit of calcium to calm the nerves.
That should do the…
Nope.
I'm going all out.
If I'm going to battle,
I'm bringing the big guns.
Melatonin, serotonin, tryptophan.
-[sizzles]
-No point in half-assing it.
Oh, yeah! Salmon with creamy walnut sauce
and a side of herbal tea.
I accidentally made a whole meal.
Well, here goes nothing.
[munching]
The combination of the fatty salmon
and the creamy sauce
is so comforting.
Hmm, probably shouldn't eat
all this before bed.
[scrubbing]
[whirring]
[sheets rustling]
Ah, that's the ticket.
[creaking]
Hmm?
-[straining]
-[defecates]
[Gin sighs]
THAT'S BETTER
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 60: GIN'S WALK 4
[crow] Huh? What are you looking at?
-[Gin] I just think you're kinda cool.
-Why's that?
[Gin] 'Cause you get to fly
through the air and stuff.
[crow] Oh, that. Honestly,
it gets tiring real fast.
And the black kites are scary.
[Gin] Hey, Mr. Crow, sir,
if you pick me up with your feet,
do you think you could carry me?
[crow] No, kid, that would hurt you.
My talons are sharp.
[Gin] Nah, it'll be fine.
Just try. Pretty please?
[crow] Fine, but I warned you.
-Gotcha!
-[Gin exclaims] Ow!
[crow] Ah, sorry, sorry!
[Gin] It hurt!
Your claws went right into me. Ow!
Am I bleeding?
[crow] What? I only hopped onto you.
[Gin] Mm, how about try grabbing
the scruff of my neck more.
-[crow] You're the boss.
-[Gin] Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
[crow] Hold on, hold on! Nearly got it!
[Gin] All right, all right!
Quit it! Stop it already!
That really hurt.
You scared me. Why'd you do that?
[crow] Hmm? How's this my fault?
[closing theme music playing]